Sync by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
♪ Oooh! ♪
♪ yeah yeah! ♪
♪ yeah yeah ♪
♪ yeah, my mind
had been enabled ♪
♪ in the memory
you overflow ♪
♪ I wanna be
your superhero ♪
♪ even if I
tumble, fall ♪
♪ I'm okay ♪
♪ but I need you
desperately ♪
♪ you know I need you
♪ I wanna be
your superhero ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ yeah, oh yeah ♪
♪ oh yeah. ♪
Drama, will you relax?
Baby bro didn't
come home last night,
and he's not answering his phone.
Don't tell me to relax.
He probably stayed at Sasha's.
No, more likely
he went on a bender
and he's facedown
in a gutter somewhere,
wondering why his friends and family
aren't searching for him right now.
- Let's not be overly dramatic.
- Overly dramatic?
Unless he's distributing,
this is a large quantity
of cocaine he's holding.
That is kind of
Tony Montana-style.
Carlos, what I'm saying is I
think mark Cuban is reasonable
so I think you need to apologize
for how you spoke to him.
Hello?
He hung up on me.
- Who cares?!
- What's he saying?
He's saying he's gonna raise the money
to buy out he his brother himself.
Then raise it!
How much does he need?
- $20 million.
- You can start by selling this.
Can we please focus on my
missing brother right now?
- You still haven't reached him?
- Nope.
Here you go,
bend your knees. We gonna do?
Your movie star isn't showing, is he?
Take it easy. It's 10:30 and he
was supposed to be here at 10:00.
Something must have happened.
He's usually very responsible.
- Did you remind him?
- Yes I did.
You were there, honey,
last night sitting next to me.
Right! I forgot after all
that happened.
- Can we move pa that?
- No!
Because everyone
is looking at me
- don't even want to be here.
- You're here because of your son.
And no one is looking at you...
except for that Siegel kid's
who always looks at you
because he wanttoang you.
- I am not comfortable, Ari.
- Neither am I.
Some of these people saw you let
me walk out of that place alone.
- You think I was wrong to? - You're supposed
to support your husband no matter what.
Even if you're making a
complete jackass of yourself?
- Especially then!
- I am very upset, Ari.
- As am I.
- Do not push me!
Ari, is this movie star of yours
going to show up or what?
- 'Cause we need to get started.
- Yeah, John, he's...!
- How are you, darling?
- I've been better, thank you, John.
- Daddy, is Vince coming?
- We're working on that, buddy.
Cause Parker Sieger doesn't believe
that I really know him.
Parker, he knows him,
believe me, okay?
Tell your dad to stop looking at my wife.
- Yeah, Parker!
- Seriously, dad,
my friends are gonna
be really pissed too.
Okay, you have now officially
humiliated the entire family.
- John, so nice to see you.
- So nice to see you, darling.
You're looking great.
Really.
She hates your guts.
Uh-huh.
I say call every hospital
in a 30-mile radius;
maybe the police department,
file a missing person's report.
He hasn't even been
missing 24 hours.
That's what they said
about the Lindbergh baby!
You gotta jump on a missing person
early or poof! You lose them forever.
- Morning, Jennie.
- Morning, E.
- Oh, hey, Jennie.
- Hey, Johnny.
- What are you doing here? - Nothing.
What are you doing here?
Um, I work here.
- Yeah.
- Drama!
You can't bang my assistant.
Why, you don't think
I could get her?
E, I know
we hate each other,
- but this is about Vince.
- What about him?
- I was gonna call you this morning.
- Speak, Scott!
- Okay, I think that Vince
has a real problem. - Why?
Because he showed up at my
house at 4:00 in the morning,
wanting me to hang out,
looking for cocaine.
- Oh God. - And when I said
no, he went fucking crazy.
Jennie, you gotta find
Sasha Grey's number
- and get her on the phone now.
- I'm on it.
It's gonna be okay.
I'll call you as soon as I hear something.
And please call me if you do.
Okay.
Bye.
- That was Vince's mom.
- She hasn't heard from him?
Nope.
She's freaking out.
So is my dad.
I just got off with him.
- What's he freaking out about?
- He spoke to Carlos.
- What'd he say?
- He was crying.
- Carlos was?
- Yeah.
Avion's been Carlos's
whole life, Turtle.
It will kill him
if he loses it.
- I know.
- So do something.
Alex, I'm calling everybody
I know who has money.
I know.
That might be Vince.
Hello?
- - Yeah, who's this?
- Who's this? You called me.
This is Ryan Howard.
I was calling you back.
Oh hey, Ryan, it's Turtle!
I met you with Vinnie chase
at the world series last year.
Oh yeah, I remember you.
You're the dude
that was screaming out
and calling me a pussy.
Aw, don't take that
personally, Ryan.
You were playing the yanks. When you were
beating the Dodgers in the N.L.C.S.
was there anyone screaming
louder for you than me?
Yeah yeah, whatever, man.
What's up?
You just signed
a $125-million contract
and I'm sure you're looking for
ways to safely invest your money.
- And you've got a way?
- Yeah... Tequila.
No, man, I don't...
I don't think so.
- Don't you want to hear more about it?
- No, not really.
But, hey, tell Vinnie I said what's
up and to give me a call later.
I gotta go to work.
Okay, I'll keep trying.
- And call me if you find Vince.
- I will.
Nice nice, beautiful.
Wiggle it a little for me, okay?
Okay okay.
Okay, now make it pop for me,
right down the aisle,
right down that middle Lane.
That's right, hot!
Okay, now turn to left
a little bit... Yeah yeah.
Oh, the other left.
Right, nice. Okay, good.
Good.
- Can we break for a minute?
- Yeah, just a minute.
Look at you...
hot stuff.
What happened to you
last night?
C'mere, give me a kiss.
- I woke up and you were gone.
- I had to go home.
In the middle of the night?
I was worried.
I couldn't sleep, I didn't want to wake you.
You had a big day today.
- Why are you wearing the same clothes?
- I don't know, I'm lazy.
- And freaking out.
- No. Why would I be?
- This is just the box cover.
- I know, I'm here to be supportive.
Which one is he?
The douchebag on the left?
- Stop.
- No, really. I'm curious.
- Which one do you think? - I have no idea.
Why don't you just tell me?
- Better yet, introduce me.
- No.
Come on, Sash, I'll be nice.
Fine. Vince!
- His name is Vince?
- Weird, I know.
- Vince, this is Vince.
- What up?
- Vince, big fan.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
- Too bad I can't say the same.
- I haven't seen your work.
- That's too bad.
Well, I've seen all of yours.
Even "Medellin."
What, are you being
a fucking asshole?
Okay.
Huh?
What?
John, I planned this party for six months.
I'm not canceling.
I'm only suggesting you
postpone for a couple of weeks.
- I... - Do you really want to put
your relationship on display
when it's in this
very fragile state?
It's not in a fragile state.
We had a fight, that's it.
- Any word from Vince?
- No, not yet.
- Jesus.
- Hello, John.
Barbara.
I assume you saw
"Perez Hilton" this morning.
- - Your scene in Wolfgang's
got you a very nice headline.
- You read "Perez Hilton"?
- My girlfriend's 23, I have to stay relevant.
The article also said
that while you were screaming
like a raving lunatic at Amanda,
Vince and Sasha were
in the bathroom...
- Fucking.
- What?
This guy'll make anything up.
I met my girlfriend
in that bathroom.
- Now look, Ari...
- No.
John, I am not gonna
cancel the party.
- End of story.
- Maybe I'm not ming.
- Why not? - The tension
between you two is palpable.
I mean it was very very uncomfortable
at the baseball field.
- For who?!
- For whom?
- Oh Jesus, come on.
- For everyone, all right?
And... I'm at a
crossroads with my lady.
- What crossroads?
- Well, she wants to get married.
John, you've been down
that road three times already.
Yeah, but she wants a kid
while I'm still young.
- You're nuts.
- Look, the point is
we do not need any
tension around us, okay?
There will be no tension.
I think you ought to go home.
Go home why?
Look, you do not want your wife
walking into a surprise party
with all your best friends when the
only thought she has in her head
is about killing you!
Go home.
Go on.
Yo, Drew, it's Turtle.
I met you at the super bowl with Vincent chase.
Oh hey, Turtle. What's up, man?
How's Vince doing?
- Aw, he's doing.
- So what's going on?
- How would you like to invest in a
Tequila company? - Uh, I wouldn't.
Even if I told you mark Cuban
wants to put 20 mill in real bad?
Really? Now would I own it at the same
price as him?
No, see, what I want to do is raise the money
myself and then kick Cuban out of this thing.
- Turtle.
- Yeah?
- - You were the guy
with the hat on backwards, right?
- Yeah, probably. - Hey, man, phone's
breaking up. I can't hear you.
- I hear you just fine.
- Hey, man, yeah, I'll hit you back. Sorry.
Drew!
Hello?
- The guy's a dick.
- You're the one being a dick.
- Really?
- Look, he's just jealous.
Oh, he's jealous?
And tell me, what does
he have to be jealous of?
He's the one
fucking my girlfriend.
He's working and a movie star showed up?
He's nervous.
Oh now he's nervous.
So which one is it... is he nervous or jealous?
It's both. He knows I don't care
about him when we're fucking
- but I do care about you.
- Bullshit.
'Cause if you cared about me,
you wouldn't do this movie.
- Vince, we've been over this.
- Let's go over it again!
You do this movie, we're done.
Fuck you.
- Are you fucking serious?
- I told you don't fucking tell me what to do!
Like I'm crazy for trying
to tell you not to do this?
You knew what I did
when I met you.
- Well, it's making me sick.
- Guys like you that go
and fuck all sorts of girls just for the
fun of it usually make me sick too.
But I made an exception.
I guess I fucked up.
Go home, Vince.
If I leave now,
I'm not coming back.
Goodbye then.
Sasha, calm down,
tell me what happened.
He's such a fucking asshole.
I'm in the middle of work
and he shows up and acts
like a fucking amateur.
- I'll talk to him.
- Don't bother, I'm done.
- Do you know where he is?
- No clue.
He probably ran home
like he did last night.
He didn't go home last night.
He went out looking for drugs.
- How bad is he, Sasha?
- Worse than I thought, I guess.
I'm sorry.
Call me and let me know he's okay.
Okay.
Drama!
Will you stop talking to her?
- We weren't talking, we were looking at "Perez.
" - What's it say?
Nothing good.
We need to talk to him.
- I think he's heading back to the house.
- Good, let's go.
- Hey, Scott!
- What are you calling him for?
- We need to call everyone.
- What's up?
- Come with us to Vince's.
- For what?
We're gonna have
an intervention.
You promised me you would
get her to the party.
I know I did, Ari.
I feel so bad.
I just can't deal with all the
lying, given what's happening.
Nothing is happening!
Don't believe everything.
Ari, my husband is coming
out of rehab next week.
I have enough of my own drama.
I can't take on yours.
How am I supposed to get her
out of the house?
I don't know.
I'm sorry, I just can't get involved.
- Marlo... - tell her I say
happy birthday!
Fuck fuck...!
♪ Ohhhh. ♪
Hello?
- Hello.
Baby, what's wrong?
What's wrong? She married a
scumbag, that's what's wrong.
Marci, what are you doing here?
I flew in to comfort
my ailing sister.
- She's not ailing.
- Yes I am, Ari.
- I'm ailing badly!
- About what specifically right now?
About the fact that
she married a scumbag!
Marci, I'm having a conversation
with my wife. I'm sorry.
- Why are you at home?
- Because I want to spend the day with you.
She is not interested.
Could you just shut
the fuck up and let...
do not speak
to my sister like that!
Okay, I don't want to speak to her at all.
I want to speak to you.
So speak.
I'm sorry about last night.
It'll never happen again.
- Oh my God, bullshit!
- Listen, I swear to God, Marci,
- I will take a fucking frying pan...
- And call her a whore?
You're gonna bully
some more women?
- I'm going upstairs.
- Baby...
- go, just go.
- Hold on.
Fuck you.
Ken, please, can you just come
over here and hear me out
- one last time?
- Turtle, the deal's done.
We're gonna make Carlos a rich
man whether he likes it or not.
How many yachts
can you waterski behind?
Are you quoting "wall street"?
Greed is good, baby!
Mark, please, I can't come
chasing after you.
- There's something going on with Vince.
- Is Vince okay?
Hopefully he will be.
I can't talk about it over the phone.
Okay, we'll come by. Can't wait to
hear what you have to say, Turtle.
Thank you.
Neither can I.
There's no stress about
eating with your father.
I don't know what you're
making such a big deal about.
He is.
It's not me.
- How?
- He doesn't want me there.
- What? Why? - I don't know.
He's being weird.
My guess is he's gonna grill you about
your plans for the bachelor party.
Look, I'm not scared of your father.
He and I get along great.
- We'll meet after for a drink.
- Uh, maybe you should have a drink before too.
- Maybe.
- Good luck with Vince.
Thanks. Meeting up with
Terrence for dinner.
- Fun. - I heard he
was as big a slacker
as our boss when he was
still in the business.
I don't want to hear
about it, Scott.
- You don't want to hear what?
- Anything about Murray from you.
I need you here for Vince and if that's not
why you're here, then I'll call you a cab.
I think you think you're
tougher than you actually are.
I'm tougher than both you guys, so knock it off.
We're here for Vince.
Let's do this.
- Yo, Vince!
- Vince, you home?
- He's not here. - Great.
Now what do we want to do?
We wait.
E, you want to call Ari again?
- Yeah, I'll call him.
- You found him?
- Yeah, we think he's heading home.
- Thank God.
- We need you here now.
- That cannot happen.
Ari, we think Vince
has a drug problem.
And if you're not here in a half
an hour, I promise you
you're never gonna
see him again.
- Marci, I am so sorry that
I yelled at you. - Pfft.
- How about her?
- Have I ever asked anything of you?
- - I have a favor
to ask you now, please.
- Uh... no.
- Listen,
I need you to get her out of the
house and keep her out until 7:30.
Why, do you have hookers
coming over or something?
Not everyone is like
your ex-husband.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Because you just call women whores,
you don't actually fuck them.
Look, I have
an incredible surprise party planned
for her 40th tonight, okay?
I got the caterers coming
over here in less than an hour
and I got Christina Aguilera
singing her favorite song here.
- Really?
- Yeah.
That's weird, because I'm
just here by chance
- and I didn't get a fucking invite!
- Shh!
I'm sorry, but we didn't
think that you would come.
You thought I would
miss a chance
to just watch you throw
money at another problem?
Look, I do what I do
and I'm pretty good at it.
And I'd spend every
last dime that I have
to show her how much
I care about her.
She wants a husband.
She doesn't want a fucking party.
- Ok... it's a grand gesture.
- You're an asshole.
You have been struggling
ever since the divorce, right?
Three kids and no help.
Yes yes, you would think
that since their father
fucked the music teacher I could
at least get free piano lessons.
- Okay, I will clear your debts.
- What?
You get her out of the house
and bring her back,
I will clear your debts.
I'll keep your kids in that
private school you love...
even the not-so-quick one who
had to repeat the third grade.
- Why?
- Because I love my wife.
And because this night
is important to me
and because your kids
are important to her.
None of you watch
"intervention" on a&e?
- - No.
- Phenomenal.
What we need to do is
we need to sit Vince down
and tell him how his behavior
has affected us.
- How it's affected us?
- Yeah.
Turtle, you go first.
You say, "Vince,
your behavior has
affected me negatively
in the following ways..."
Go ahead. Come on.
Well, I didn't sleep last night, but
that was because you wouldn't let me.
- Are you kidding me?
- Honestly.
He's always been good to me
even when he's high.
I'm really worried, but I don't have
anything negative to say about him.
- Even if it's for his own good?
- Isn't there another way?
- I'll talk to him privately.
- I tried that, Turtle.
Exactly.
We all gotta come at him together.
- Well, what if it doesn't work?
- It has to.
Hey, yo, what are
you gonna say?
You know, I got some business
to discuss with you too, E.
- I know now is probably not the right time.
- Speak, Scott.
- Okay, I'm taking Murray down.
- What?
Yeah. Okay, I know that he
is your girl's godfather
and I know that you think you like
him, but you do not. He is a wrap.
- Bullshit.
- No, it's not bullshit.
I got most
of the company with me.
I was going to tell you...
in fact I tried to tell you,
- but with your fiancee and our
tension... - Scott, listen to me.
- That'll never happen.
- It is happening, Eric.
- - With or without you.
- Yo, baby bro's here!
- Come on.
- We'll see about that, Scott.
- What's this?
- Got myself a present.
- For what? - For being me and
for not having to answer to you.
- What are you guys doing here?
- We wanted to talk to you, bro.
About what?
What the fuck is going on?
This is all about
a bag of coke?
It's a big bag, Vin.
You guys are joking?
I was having a party and
I called our weed guy
and I said give me
a pound of both.
I don't know how you order coke
'cause I don't really do it.
- You're not that dumb.
- Are you kidding?
No, wait... we can
sell that, bro.
You know you forgot about my
son's little league game, right?
Oh fuck.
- I was up really late.
- Yeah, you kinda went crazy on me.
- Crazy?
- What, you don't remember?
No, I remember. I wanted to hang
out, but you were being a pussy.
- I wouldn't exactly call that crazy.
- You kicked my truck.
I did not.
Vince, you know I came
out here for myself,
but now I see there was maybe
a bigger purpose for my visit.
The ex-addict who I
invited into my home
has come down from God
to save me?
From what?
Oh, let's see.
I forgot to go to
your son's baseball game?
I mean, why a movie
star has to show up
to an eight-year-old's
baseball game is beyond me.
But hey, I guess
that's Hollywood, right?
Did I wake you up last night?
I'm so sorry.
- And what did I ever do to you, Turtle?
- Nothing, Vin.
- Or you, Johnny?
- Nothing.
So why the fuck are you all here?
Oh wait, let me guess.
E orchestrated it.
E's worried about me.
E's always worried that his golden goose
- - is going to implode.
- Take it easy, Vince.
- It was my idea.
- That's really disappointing, Johnny.
Because I'm fine.
I just had an argument with my girl
and I'm a little upset, okay?
That's all!
- I know, I talked to her.
- Really? And what did she say?
She said you went crazy
on her too, Vince.
- She doesn't want to speak
to you anymore. - Good!
Because I don't really want
to speak to her either.
- - Or any of you.
- Vine... Vince, come on.
No, I'm serious.
I'm gonna go for a walk.
And I know you all need me, but
I'll call you if I need any of you.
Ahem, well,
Pete berg's office called
and he needs to be at the studio
tomorrow for a camera test.
So which one of you losers is going
to make sure that he gets there?
You're the most powerful
agent in town, Ari.
Why don't you make sure
he gets there?
- - How is she doing?
- She's a little better.
But she's... drunk.
- Drunk? - Yeah, and she
wants to go to Vegas.
Tomorrow she can go to Vegas.
Tonight I need her here.
Marci, get off the phone.
You look like my douche of a husband.
Okay.
I'm doing the best I can.
Do better and I will put
your kids through college too.
Bye, Ari.
Johnny, I'm fine.
I got a room at the Roosevelt.
Bro, I'm sorry.
It was all out of love.
- Please come back.
- I just want to be alone right now.
- - I don't think you should be.
I'll call you if I need you.
Hold on.
Room service.
Coming.
- - Hey, Mr. chase.
Hey.
What the hell is up
with the music?
Sorry about that, Mr. chase.
There's a party.
- Oh yeah? Any good?
- It's Eminem's.
- Can't imagine it isn't.
- Well, I'll probably head up there.
- All right.
- See ya.
I'm sorry I couldn't say
more and let's obviously
keep the Vince stuff
on the d.L.
Turtle, look, if Vince is going
to be the face of Avion,
then obviously we don't want
to hurt his name either.
No disrespect, but you guys
are hurting everybody.
This Tequila is authentic because
as corny as it may sound
- it's made with love.
- That's corny as shit.
Maybe it is, but you know what?
Carlos makes a great product
and without him,
we're just another brand.
- I think he likes Carlos.
- I think he loves him.
I don't know if I like Carlos or
not, but I think we need him.
I think we could use him.
He's a personality. And to be honest,
he'll sell the product
better than Vince will.
Like Juan Valdez
did for coffee.
Like aunt Jemima did for syrup.
Like that "where's
the beef?" Lady did
for whatever the fuck
she was selling.
The only difference is
Carlos is the real deal.
- Juan Valdez.
- Aunt Jemima?
Turtle, this is about
your girl, right?
This is gonna kill me
with her, mark, yeah.
That's a shame,
because she's a keeper.
- She's too good for him.
- Thanks, Ken.
Look, Turtle, I like you.
I hate Carlos, but I like you.
So I'm gonna give Carlos his $5
million to build his factory,
no strings attached.
And if he hits his numbers
there'll be more money
behind that.
But if you fuck me, you know
what's going to happen?
Mark's gonna make Gordon Gekko
look like Mary Poppins.
I will never forget this.
Neither will I, Turtle.
You're not nervous, are you?
No, why?
Do I seem nervous?
Yes.
A little bit.
I had a rough day
at the office.
It's the last thing
you need, isn't it,
for your star client
to be strung out on drugs?
Sloan told you about that?
Yeah well, he's actually
my best friend too,
so I'm really more concerned
on a personal level.
Of course. Well listen, I've
been speaking to your boss.
- Who, Murray?
- Mm-hmm.
He tells me that you're quite
an asset to the company.
- Oh, I appreciate that.
- Yeah! Listen.
You've signed a few clients,
Vince's brother, for instance.
Yeah, we got him a cartoon set up.
It should be pretty big.
Looking beyond your friends,
do you see any growth here?
- Yeah, I've signed a lot of good clients this year.
- Murray's worried about you.
He... he's not sure quite how
to keep you motivated.
- He said that?
- Mmm.
- Murray's never even there, Terrance.
- He's worried about you, Eric,
- as am I.
- What are you worried about?
My daughter.
Aside from the fact
that she's blessed
by my credible gene pool,
she's also blessed
with an awful lot of my money.
- Right?
- Well, I'd hate for that money
to give you any less incentive
to really work hard.
Terrence, listen, I'm not
interested in Sloan's money.
- I make my own.
- This is great!
- It's gonna be easy.
- What's gonna be easy?
I'd like you to sign a prenup.
Everything looks nice, right?
It looks nice.
Ari, relax.
It's smashing.
Thank you.
- Babe?
- Mm-hmm?
- Is there any absinthe?
- I don't know. Ari?
Uh, I will ask the bartender.
And when is this party
starting?
- Ari?
- Uh, any minute.
Any minute.
You're... you're really
gonna marry her?
She's terrific.
The tension's getting to her.
The tension is getting to her?
What tension?
Oh, the... "Where's the guest
of honor" tension, that one.
- Any minute, okay?
- Are you sure?
- Believe me I am sure.
- Ari?
- She's here.
- She's here, okay.
Places, everyone, places.
As soon as we yell surprise,
you start singing "beautiful."
- Got it.
- All right.
Is there any way I could get
you to listen to my demo?
Uh, let's wait till after
the surprise, okay?
Surprise!
Where is she?
Can I talk to you in private?
Ari, it's 9:15.
You asked me to do an hour.
Please play longer.
I can't pay your fee,
but I'll give you
the deed to my house.
That's still not going to cover it.
I want your Lakers seats
- for the playoffs... all of them.
- Done.
You give me a Grammy-worthy
performance and I'll get
Kobe Bryant to sing
at your birthday.
Uh-huh.
I'll believe it when I see it.
- What's going on?
- She's not coming.
- I had to tell her.
- What, why?
Because she was coming here
to talk to you
and I didn't want her
walking into an ambush.
This is a sign of love.
This isn't an ambush.
- - I'm sure that's her.
I'm gonna get
some of her things.
- - Baby, where are you?
I am so sorry, Ari.
Honey, I'm sorry.
Just please
come home.
I can't face all those people.
I will clear them all out.
It will just be you and me.
Please, talk to me.
I need a break, Ari.
A break?
From what?
I need some space.
I'm going to pick up the kids at
Stacy's and go to my mother's.
Baby... baby, please.
♪ The love is gone ♪
♪ and we had magic ♪
♪ and this is tragic... ♪
♪ I'm the boss ♪
♪ I just want to get
that across ♪
♪ man, even my dentist
hates when I floss ♪
♪ pull up to the club in
a pinto like it's a Porsche ♪
♪ garbage bag for one of the
windows, spray-painted doors ♪
♪ with the flames on them,
Michigan plates... ♪
You're so hot.
We haven't fucked before,
have we?
No, not yet.
Well, pencil me in for later.
I'll be right back.
Minka?
Hey, Minka.
- Vincent chase.
- Okay.
I'm doing a movie
with Pete berg
and once upon a time
he said we should meet.
- Okay.
- And here we are meeting.
Nice to meet you.
- Excuse me, have you seen Vincent chase?
- Yeah, he's around.
Where you at, bro?
- Yeah, I'd love to, but I have a boyfriend.
- I have a girlfriend
but she fucks other dudes...
lots of them.
So I figure I can
fuck other girls.
I thought we were
gonna fuck tonight.
Oh perfect...
we can all fuck.
You know what?
Why don't you fuck yourself?
Aw whoa, you don't have
to be a bitch about it.
Yo, bro, you okay?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
- You don't look it.
Hey, Johnny, do you want to party or
do you want to be a bitch-ass pussy?
- Come on, Vince, let's go.
- No no no!
Mr. chase, I'm gonna have
to ask you to leave.
- We were just leaving.
Come on, bro. - No no.
No we weren't. I'm sorry,
wh... what did I do?
- We've had some complaints.
- I'm a guest in the hotel.
- And this is a private party.
- I'm friends with the band.
- So why don't you go fuck yourself?
- Yo, Vince.
Vince, what up, man?
What's the deal?
What's up?
You tell this guy I'm cool to stay.
No, I don't think he's so cool.
Oh, look who it is...
Minka the tight-ass.
- Fuck you, Vince.
- Fuck you.
- Yo, chill out, Vince.
- Fuck you too.
Fuck me? Yo, get this dude out
of here before I fuck him up.
Wow, what, are you too mainstream now
to fight your own fights, Marshall?
What the fuck's
wrong th you, man?
Fucking punk!
Vince, Vince!
Vince! Stop!
- - You honestly didn't know
- No
- and I can't believe you would think that.
- I don't know what to think.
- And why did you tell him Vince was on drugs?
- He's my father!
- Yet he didn't tell you this?
- Eric.
Sloan, he treated me like I'm some slacker.
Like either of them should talk.
They both built their businesses
on other people's hard work.
You're upset. Let's talk about
this when you get home.
Okay.
Yo, Scott, it's Eric.
Fuck Murray, I'm in.
That's really good the hear, Eric,
but we've been trying to call you.
We?
Yo.
You're kidding.
If it wasn't for Jordan Farmar
and that guy Kevin love,
- I would have killed somebody.
- Drama?
Yo.
- Fuck!
- No, I'm good, I'm good.
- How's Vince? - He's not gonna
be on camera anytime soon.
Oh my God.
- Where are you going?
- Out. What do you care?
- Hey, bro, let us take you home.
- Fuck you, Johnny.
- - Vince.
- Fuck you too.
- What's your problem?
- You guys are my problem.
I was fine until
you guys pissed me off.
Now look, you got what you wanted...
I am officially out of control.
- Come on, Vince.
- Sorry, Mr. chase,
- we just need to finish the report.
- Call my lawyer.
I think you might want
to take care of that.
- Why?
- You know who this belongs to?
Uh...
Sync by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
♪ I sincerely apologize ♪
♪ if all that I sound like
is I'm complaining ♪
♪ but life keeps
on complicating ♪
♪ and I'm debating
on leaving this world ♪
♪ this evening, even my girls
can see I'm grieving ♪
♪ I try and hide it,
but I can't ♪
♪ why do I act like
I'm all high and mighty ♪
♪ when inside I'm dying?
I am finally realizing ♪
♪ I need help,
can't do it myself ♪
♪ too weak, two weeks I've been
having ups and downs ♪
♪ going through peaks
and valleys, dilly-dallying ♪
♪ around with the idea
of ending the shit right here ♪
♪ I'm hating my reflection,
I walk around the house ♪
♪ trying to fight mirrors, can't
stand what I look like ♪
- - ♪ Yeah, I
look fat, but what do I care? ♪
♪ I give a fuck?
The only thing I fear is Hallie ♪
♪ I'm afraid if I close my eyes
that I might see her ♪
- ♪ shit ♪
- ♪ I'm going though changes. ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org